# Welcome to the sparrow!

## Intro
---
This is a header-only C++ template class that allows you to enforce copy and move semantics on any class or struct.  It provides an easy-to-use solution for ensuring objects are copied and moved correctly, preventing unexpected behavior that can result in memory leaks or other issues.

The class template provides a simple and efficient way to implement the Rule of five in C++, making it easy to create copyable and movable objects with minimal boilerplate code. The Rule of Five dictates that any class that has a user-defined destructor, copy constructor, copy assignment operator, move constructor, or move assignment operator should implement all five of these methods, or none of them. The template ensures that your class follows this rule, making it easier to reason about your code and prevent errors.

In addition to enforcing copy and move semantics, the template also provides several customization options to suit your needs. You can specify which constructors and assignment operators are generated by the template, control the behavior of move operations, and more.

To get started, simply include the sparrow.h header file in your project and wrap your class or type in the `sparrow::Trait` template, and you're done! Your object will now follow the Rule of five and have well-defined copy and move semantics.

We hope you find this class template useful in your projects. Please feel free to contribute or provide feedback. Happy coding!

## Building
---
From the root of the repository, you can issue

```
cmake -B build .
```

And then you can run
```
cmake --build build
```

## Building with static_assert compile time errors
To understand how this template raises static_asserts during compilation, please use the option `USE_COMPILER_ERROR` as

```
cmake -B build -DUSE_COMPILER_ERROR=ON .
```

And then you can run
```
cmake --build build
```
